docs(root): improve readme.md with better wording (#24)
mi6/ic-ui-kit-test-app: README.md

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit/">
    <img src="./src/assets/sis-gh-banner.png" alt="IC Community Banner" width="1000" height="200">
  </a>

   <h3 align="center">ICDS Test Application</h3>

  <p align="center">

>     Test project that is used to write true E2E tests using ICDS (IC-UI Kit) components.

Reviewer: It might be worth specifying which components are used e.g.
```suggestion
    Test project that is used to write true E2E tests using ICDS (@ukic/react) components.
```
